(Yusei)
Now let's get up to speed
with Yu-Gi-Oh 5D's!
(Jakob)
Primo!
Huh?
(Jakob)
How dare you interfere
with the prime directive?
By forcing all these
humans into dueling,
we can create
the Circuit in no time.
If you force them to
battle out of fear,
you won't draw out
their true abilities.
They'll be scared and
desperate, and sloppy.
As a result, a perfect
Circuit will never be formed.
My plan is in motion,
there's no stopping it now.
♪
Someone is meddling.
And I think
I know who.
♪
Where are you going?
You think you
can escape me?
Think again!
You've interfered with
my plans and my schemes.
But now you face my
Meklord Emperors!
Your only escape is to
achieve Accel Synchro!
I don't know how!
You have to forget
about everything else
and focus on the
world within you.
Just listen
to the wind.
♪
You hold the path
to a clear mind.
A card that will allow
you to Accel Synchro.
♪
Let's finish
what we started.
♪
Okay, this
is a first.
♪
You fool,
don't you realize
that the power of
the Synchro Summoning
you're trying to initiate
is far too great
for a pest like
you to yield,
just as Zero Reverse was
too great for your father!
I'm afraid this
is different,
and because it is,
I'm now tuning
Formula Synchron
with Stardust Dragon!
Cease this madness
or you'll destroy
all that you're
seeking to protect!
Go Accel Synchro!
♪
What?
It didn't work!
Ha ha ha ha!
Time to finish this!
I play Emperor
Wisel's ability!
An ability that
allows me to snatch
one Synchro Monster off
your field once per turn!
And the Synchro
Monster I'm snatching
is Stardust Dragon!
♪
You took your shot, Yusei,
but it was struck down
by forces from above.
And now you're the one who
will be struck down, Yusei.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
♪
♪ Going fast makes
me feel alive ♪
♪ My heart beats
in hyper drive ♪
♪ Do you think you can
win only if I lose ♪
♪ Just let
destiny choose ♪
♪ I can hear
you breathing ♪
♪ I can see you coming ♪
♪ I can feel
the wind ♪
♪ That's blowing
me around ♪
♪ Take a shot at me
running side by side ♪
♪ It's a blur
as I go by ♪
♪ I can hear
you breathing ♪
♪ I can see you coming ♪
♪ I can feel the wind ♪
♪ That's blowing
me around ♪
♪ See the sun a-risin' ♪
♪ Fire in the sky ♪
♪ Greatness thrusts
itself into our lives ♪ ♪
♪
With my Stardust Dragon
snatched away
and absorbed by that
heavy metal monster,
how can I possibly
stage a comeback?
How can I possibly
stop that guy?
(Primo)
Thank you, Yusei,
with your ultimate monster
now in my possession,
Meklord Emperor Wisel
has 5,000 attack points!
Which is plenty to wipe
you off the field!
Why?
Why couldn't
I Accel Synchro before?
♪
Accel Synchro!
What?
That would've made
the difference--
That would've won this
duel for us all!
♪
All of this guy's mind games,
they're confusing Yusei.
Could that be why
he's struggling?
Could that be why his attempt
at Accel Synchro-ing failed?
Heh heh heh heh heh.
Face it, Yusei, there's
only one thing left
for you to do
in this duel.
And that's fall onto
your knees and perish!
♪
Yusei...
It'll
be all right.
♪
What's that
beam of light?
I don't know but it
sure doesn't look good.
(groaning)
What is it, Jack?
Luna, you okay?
Crow, what's wrong?
My mark, it's feeling
Yusei's torment.
He must really be in
some serious trouble.
Are you okay, Akiza?
Yeah, it's nothing
at all, really.
If our marks are
being affected,
things must be even more
dire than I thought.
Stay strong,
Yusei.
(breathing heavily)
♪
Heh heh heh heh heh.
Take a long hard
look, pest.
This is your fate!
And without Stardust
Dragon to protect you,
it is a fate
that is sealed!
Farewell Yusei,
doom is at hand!
♪
Your doom is
at hand, Yusei!
And it will be dealt
just as soon
as I play
this next card!
I activate the
trap WISE A3!
Now by sending the Wisel Attack
on my field to the graveyard,
I can summon Wisel
Attack 3 from my hand!
♪
Oh, man,
5,400 points!
And there's more, Yusei.
Due to Wisel Attack 3's ability,
when Meklord Emperor Wisel
attacks a monster
in defense mode,
that attack is
power packed!
What?
(Primo)
So since your Formula Synchron
has 1,500 defense points,
And you have
3,300 life points,
By dealing you
a whopping 5,400
power-packed
points of damage,
your life points
are toast!
Now, Meklord Emperor,
let him have it!
I play the trap
D2 Shield!
Now, the defense points
of my monster
are doubled until
this turn's End Phase!
♪
Oh!
Very good, Yusei,
you managed to protect
a tiny scrap of
your life points.
But how will you protect
them against Skiel Carrier 5?
Since your monster was
destroyed in battle,
his ability deals you
300 points of damage!
♪
Aaah! Oh!
I activate D2
Shield's effect.
Now, because you
destroyed my monster,
I'm allowed to draw
one card from my deck!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
You're grasping
at straws, Yusei!
But I must admit, it's fun
to watch you squirm.
I gotta make
a move... or else!
Why don't you just do
yourself a favor?
Simply accept
your defeat!
Accept that the world
you once knew
is gone and never
coming back!
Accept that you're just a bee
who has lost his stinger.
A bee?
(Jakob laughing)
He still has
no idea.
(Primo)
Think about it, Yusei.
A bee can be dangerous
for a time.
Yeah, so what?
So you were too, you played
every move you could.
You tried to sting me
just like a bee.
But you missed.
And what happens to a bee after
he misses and loses his stinger?
He wanders aimlessly
until he wanders no more,
leaving just the barren
and empty trace of his path.
No, I'm still in this!
I'm sure the bee thought
the same thing!
After all, it's in his heart to
fight, just as it's in yours,
but the laws of nature
cannot be overruled!
Now then, I end my
turn, so go ahead.
And wander
some more, Yusei!
You're wrong, I'm not
wandering around and soon,
I'm gonna prove it!
Only, I won't be proving it
this turn, not with these cards.
I've gotta do something.
First, I remove 7 Speed
Counters, so that now,
I can draw one
additional card!
Next, I summon Necro Linker
to the field in defense mode!
♪
I then place one card face
down and end my turn.
Really, Yusei, that's
the best that you can do?
After all your talk and bluster
about still being in this?
I am still in this.
I just have to figure
out a way to take
that Meklord
Emperor down,
which means I'm gonna
have to figure out a way
to get my Stardust
Dragon back.
It's my turn now!
First I play
the trap Wise T3!
Now, by sending the Wisel Top
on my field to the graveyard,
I'm allowed to summon
Wisel Top 3 from my hand!
♪
So it's even
stronger now?
That's right
it's stronger.
Now watch as that strength
is put to use!
Meklord Emperor Wisel
attack Necro Linker!
♪
I play the trap
Scrap-Iron Scarecrow!
And now that I have,
the attack you declared
is negated
so my
Linker is safe!
Wrong, for you see, Meklord
Emperor has a new power,
a power that you can
thank Wisel Top 3 for!
Now, once per turn,
I can negate the activation
of one of your spell
or trap cards!
So your Scrap-Iron
Scarecrow is scrapped!
No!
♪
Now perhaps you finally
realize the truth
in what I've
been telling you!
This duel's over
and with its end,
so ends you and all
that you fought for!
♪
Not so fast.
You see, when a card
on my field is destroyed,
by sending Arbitrator from
my hand to the graveyard,
I can end this
turn's Battle Phase!
♪
What?
Fine-- I'll just finish
you off next round.
I end my turn.
(sighs)
This is it.
Unless I can make a big
move right here and now,
this duel is over
and all will be lost.
I'll just have to
believe in my deck
and hope that it
believes in me.
♪
(sighs)
This is it.
Unless I can make a big move
right here and now,
this duel is over
and all will be lost.
I'll just have to
believe in my deck...
And hope that
it believes in me.
My draw!
♪
Yes!
I summon
Rescue Warrior!
♪
Now go!
Attack Meklord Emperor
Wisel with all your might!
♪
You fool, Rescue Warrior is
no match for Meklord Emperor!
Maybe not
but when he attacks,
any battle damage dealt to me
becomes zero!
That may well be but you
still must deal with
the special ability
of Skiel Carrier 5!
So since I destroyed
a monster in battle,
you now take 300 points
of damage!
♪
That's true, but Rescue
Warrior has an ability too.
And since he was taken down,
it now activates,
letting me regain control
of any one monster of mine
that's on your side
of the field!
No!
So much for me being
the wandering bee
that lost its stinger.
Because with this monster
back, I'm back, too,
and more dangerous
than ever!
Stardust Dragon!
Come home!
(roaring)
♪
Welcome back to team
good guys, Stardust!
And because Stardust Dragon
has switched teams,
Meklord Emperor's attack
points now decrease!
♪
Next I activate
my Linker's ability!
Now, by releasing Linker,
I can summon back
a Tuner from
my graveyard,
And the Tuner Monster
that I select is...
Formula Synchron!
♪
And thanks to Formula's ability,
I now get to draw one card.
But there's one drawback.
The monster
I summoned using Linker
can't be Synchro
Material--
at least,
for now.
And with that,
I end my turn!
Ha, so even after
getting Stardust back,
you still couldn't
mount an attack!
Maybe not yet I haven't,
but now at least
I have what I need
to initiate
an Accel Synchro.
Or do I?
Last time I thought
I was ready to go too,
but something
went wrong.
But this time,
I simply can't fail.
Because if I do, I'll
have failed not just me,
but the whole city.
Everyone's depending
on us, Stardust!
(roaring)
Please, you're all
bark and no bite!
Now my Meklord Emperor is
quite a different story.
Whoa! Better hang on!
♪
Now,
it's my turn!
And if you think that
last blast was powerful,
just you wait to see what
I have planned next!
Bring it!
Because destiny's
not on your side,
it's on mine!
Ha-- sorry, Yusei,
but I'm afraid
that's simply not
the way it works!
Destiny doesn't go
around picking sides!
Destiny is what's
meant to be,
and you are meant to keep
powering the Circuit!
Circuit?
Oh, never mind
about that.
All that matters is you keep
wandering, little bee.
After all, you may not
be able to win this duel,
but you're not yet
entirely useless.
I don't know what
you're talking about
but you're right
about one thing.
I'm not useless and
neither are the people
that you're
trying to hurt!
And as long as this
duel keeps going,
I'll keep going too and so
will all that support me!
What support?
You have a mighty
stone tablet
that won't even come
to your aid, Yusei!
If you're looking for
something to rely on,
then simply look
into the past!
Because history
repeats itself!
♪
And just as your father
once destroyed this city,
now with the
Stardust Dragon,
you will too!
Because no matter how many
times you get Stardust back,
so long as my
turn comes...
your Synchro Monster
will be snatched
and become mine
once again!
♪
(Yusei)
You're not getting
Stardust this time!
♪
True, my father's work
once destroyed this city!
But the past is past
and that was an accident,
one that won't
be repeated!
♪
Go get 'im,
Yusei!
It's Yusei,
he's still in it!
Go Yusei!
♪
Yusei!
Yes, I feel the strength
of my friends.
They're right
here with me.
Lending me
their power.
♪
This acceleration.
It's not just coming
from my duel runner,
but from inside
me as well.
It's like I'm moving towards
something, at light speed,
and something is
moving towards me too.
Shooting Star Dragon?
♪
There's no
time to think!
Time to act!
Level 2 Synchro Tuner
Formula Synchron,
tune with Level 8 Synchro
Monster Stardust Dragon!
No way, you're Synchro
Summoning during my turn!
But how?
(Yusei)
Some things defy
explanation!
But I have a hunch one thing
that won't be defied again
is my attempt at creating
the ultimate monster!
♪
My attempt to
Accel Synchro!
♪
Uh-oh...
Behold!
The Shooting
Star Dragon!
♪
And with its arrival comes
the arrival of light and hope!
♪
(computer voice)
Shooting Star Dragon is
a Level 10 Dragon-Type Monster
with 3,300 Attack Points
and 2,500 Defense Points.
Oh no, not good.
Actually, Shooting
Star is good.
Only problem is,
you're bad.
♪
I'd say Yusei has
got his groove back!
♪
Check that out!
I think the City's
gonna be okay.
♪
Look, the clouds
are clearing!
Do you think it's
'cause of Yusei?
Oh, I'd bet
my deck on it!
♪
(Jakob)
It seems that Primo
has underestimated Yusei.
Yeah,
no kidding, Jakob.
You think we oughta
go help him out?
No.
Yusei has unlocked his tablet
and released a mighty beast,
But exactly how mighty this
leviathan is, we do not know.
So let us watch,
Lester.
Watch, and see
for ourselves.
All right!
Shooting Star
Dragon, attack!
♪